Fix python install (#2985)
openvinotoolkit/model_server: docs/windows_developer_guide.md

## Install git
Download from https://github.com/git-for-windows/git/releases/download/v2.47.1.windows.2/Git-2.47.1.2-64-bit.exe

> Or run command in windows cmd.exe terminal as Administrator:

Reviewer: I think we don't need to maintain instruction for git installation. Maybe it would be sufficient to inform about git installation and point to https://git-scm.com/downloads/win
This section could be called "Pull OpenVINO Model Server source" with info to install git and git clone command (admin permissions not required)

https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/apps/get-started/enable-your-device-for-development

## Run Command Prompt
Press Windows Start and run the cmd.exe terminal as Administrator.
Run commands in this prompt is not stated otherwise.

## Pull OpenVINO Model Server source

> Install git from https://git-scm.com/downloads/win
> After that run commands in terminal:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> `Git` is required to complete this step. If you don't have it on your system, download it from https://git-scm.com/downloads/win and install before you continue.
Run below commands in terminal to clone model server repository:
```
